Today is 11th April 2026, and we are working on zed code editor. I have attached an image screenshot, so study that and do this the current task is updating our web preview tab. Study the code about our web preview tab and implement these new updates:

In our code editor at many places we are using a left and right arrow key icon for horizontal scrolling or not applying any scrolling effect at all. This is bad because in GPY we basically don't have any way to do horizontal scrolling in tabs, like you can find it on the terminal panel or the tabs of the main code editor too. It has a left and right arrow key but it currently doesn't have any scrolling thing at all so it's really hard to scroll if the tab got bigger than the width it can have.

That's why we are going to add a revolutionary scrolling tech system in our z code editor GPU. It will be like this: let's say we have 100 tabs open. We start from the first tabs and by default the screen of the user can only show eight tabs at a time. With the current GPU z code editor logic it will really take a long time to move around tabs. That's why we will have a way so that tabs can be draggable and when we hover on the tabs it will show a drag cursor so we can view all tabs correctly with minimum changes needed. Please implement this dragging system in our main code editor tabs and also in the terminal and all other places that need and have tabs inside them. 

I get it that it's a pretty complex task, so before doing anything, you can ask me clarification questions so that we can implement this new web preview correctly. 
