Today is 11th April 2026, and we are working on zed code editor. I have attached an image screenshot, so study that and do this the current task is updating our web preview tab. Study the code about our web preview tab and implement these new updates:

In our current gen co-editor, there is a status, and in the top bar, at the most top bar, there is space in the center. In there, please create a rounded pill rectangle like a macOS dock. In there, please put two items on the left side:
1. Path
2. The branch, our current working branch (that our j code editor already does in the top bar, main top bar left side, but we should move that to our Mac ways screen dock)
We will put that dock in the top bar center. On the left side, as we discuss, we will put two items that are locked. In the center of our Mac ways screen dock, we will put, by default, three macOS light icons:
1. Editor
2. Browser
3. Terminal
On the right side of our Mac ways screen dock, we will put one ad icon and one list icon. As I have shown, all the items in our Mac ways screen dock in the top bar here are the things that all the items will do. Let's start with the path and branch - It's pretty simple, and it's exactly what it should be in the current top bar on the left side. Currently, we already are showing path and branch details. We don't show that there anymore. We will show it in our mac ways screen dock at the center of our top bar, and then in the center of our mac ways trend there will be icons and maybe levels that I have listed. In the end, clicking them will make the current screen the click item. If I click on the code icon, it will make the code the default current center panel of our zcode editor, and in the case when we will click browser or terminal as the feature, it will make the browser and terminal the default ones.

On the right side of our macOS dock, there is an add and list icon right in there. When we click on the add icon, it will show us a dropdown or select items using our ZGPUIComponent select component. It will list files and all other strings that zcode editor has, and it will then put that with a dedicated icon and increase the icons besides the three default ones that we already have added.

On the right side of our add button in our macOS trend off there will be a list icon, and when we click on the list icon it will show us all the screens with some details in a GPUI popover, so it will look nice. The main thing of our this string system is that currently, in our code editor, in the secondary top bar, we are trying to show browser, terminal, and code in one place. From now on, we will only show the things in one string. Here is the thing: when we are on code editor, clicking on the add button from now on will only create a new file and will not show a dropdown of creating multiple types of different things. When we are in a code editor, we don't need to create a browser preview next to it, but when we are clicking on the browser, it will only create a new browser preview. It will make the design of our zcode editor more professional and efficient, so that's why, from our zcode editor main centered code panel view or the tabs main centered tabs, please create dedicated streams instead of putting all the streams beside it.

Now, here's the thing: we will put things together but with the same category. When we are on the browser tab, browser screen, we will only create a new web browser preview when we click on the add icon. It doesn't need to create another terminal icon in the same place. If you need a terminal, then you go to the terminal screen and create one. That's how we will make these coder editor screens more functional.

Here's the thing: as currently all the screens will have a dedicated category, like way and system, that's why we can make a carousel out of it like this. For the first, there will be the Code editor tab string. Right now, when we are hovering on the right and left edge of our string, it will outline or highlight that screen to be like a draggable one. When we are dragging and resizing the string, then the other strings are like beside each other, like a carousel. If we resize a string to be smaller, it will make the next strings, in this case the browser string, come into the view, because the browser screen will stay there. If we make the code screen smaller from the right side, it will make the browser screen come into the view, and that goes for the left side resize too. When we resize the code screen from the left side, then the last screen should appear from the left side. That's the logic. When we are resizing it and other screens in our view, when we click on this screen, it will make the screen the current screen, so that it will make it a good user experience. In this way, we will be able to have a nice screen here, like a UI, so that a user can better use all the tabs correctly. It is a really ground-breaking, out-of-the-box, game-changing way of developer experience. 

I get it that it's a pretty complex task, so before doing anything, you can ask me clarification questions so that we can implement this new web preview correctly. 
