Today is 11th April 2026, and we are working on zed code editor. I have attached an image screenshot, so study that and do this the current task is updating our web preview tab. Study the code about our web preview tab and implement these new updates: 
So in our web preview that we recently created, there is another code editor-like preview renderer in our Zed code editor. I want to do this: when we are in our web preview, it will move all of the current web preview tab bar to the bottom, like there is a secondary tab bar in the web preview. We don't want that so we are to put all of its buttons, input, and other elements at the top. When we are in web preview, we will not have any other code tabs open, right? It is straightforward. In the preview tab bar at the top right, there are currently three icon buttons:
1. +
2. Panel icon, third full screen icon. Currently, keep the class edition icon, and when it's only web preview, remove the other two icons. Instead of those icons, from the web preview tab bar, there is an extensions icon and some other icons. In the new web preview top bar, beside the ad icon, put an extensions icon. When we click on the extensions icon, please show a zy dropdown with all current listed extensions, and beside that please show a more icon. When we click on the more icon, show all of the current other stuff that we already have in our web preview secondary top bar.
The top left part will also be different than the other simple code editor view, as in those places, only in web preview, there are left arrow, right arrow, and then a retry or refresh icons. The new web preview main top bar will also have these three icons. Our previous web preview secondary top bar had an input box, but as the default Z code editor tabs there is a tab. We will still use that tab functionality, and we will only show an input box when we click on that tab. By default, it will still look like a tab, and just maybe for now, just keep it looking like a tab, and that's all. 
I get it that it's a pretty complex task, so before doing anything, you can ask me clarification questions so that we can implement this new web preview correctly. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Currently, in our web preview, we are showing the web preview using our hole punching system, which is pretty complex and really hard to debug. That's why we are going to put two ways to render our web preview.
Previously, I already added a right with preview method that shows the web preview, but it has a problem. We can show the GPU elements on top of it. In our web preview, create a modal in our top right, next to that add button. In there, by default use our Rai method and also put a selector to select the hole punching method too, so that we can choose which method we want to render our preview. By default, use the Rai method, which has this GPU element showing behind the problem.
Whenever we click on a native GPU element in our code editor, please make sure to:
- not render the web preview
- hide the web preview
- create a screenshot of that particular state of the web preview that previously was in
- hide the web preview
- put the image
- when the GPU element's actions have been over, show the web preview again
And don't ask me any clarification questions. Just try to do it autonomously as fast as possible!!!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So first, please understand this warning very carefully. The web preview is very complex and you literally can't handle its complexity so don't mess with it and play with it. Currently you have added a background color as I told you in our web preview but it's not working when the web preview is loading. It's working when we go outside of our software in another application and come in again. It's making the web preview with a black background at the top, which means our background color, so it's literally doing nonsense. Carefully remove this background color to be translated. All along no need to change it at all, cuz it's really complex and I don't wanna mess with it.
Now on top of that please make sure don't do any other nonsense; just do these things:
- The web preview is just like code and other preview and it has tabs. Right now in tabs when we select a tab it removes the bottom border from that tab, like it creates a visual good UI. The code UI will have the background color as the code screen tab but in the web preview the web preview can be on any color because it's literally an old view. We can't implement that border, no border active indicator in here so that's why only for the web preview we will create another kind of active indicator in our tabs. That indicator will be in a different color in our active tab and the border will show in our active color at the bottom.
- Make sure to add the active tab border bottom correctly. Just use another color that makes a distinction between other apps and the active tab.
- When we have focus on our web preview then don't show anything. When we don't have focus on our web preview then please use our primary color as a border and show a border into our whole browser tab screen so that it will be more distinguishable for the user that the current web view is not focused. It will not create a bad user experience because in our web review many times you can get lost in focus so indicating that we don't have focus will make a good user experience.

And in the AI help file please add this: it is a very current best model as of 14 April 2026. It is a GPT 5.4 Codex model so it can do a lot of things now. It has also the ability to stop. Now please make sure to tell him specifically that don't stop until you finish all of this task. Also just only use the run command as this is a very low-end device and we can put another command to increase the debug and storage size of this project. Please only tell him to run this, just run command.

Also tell him that our current web preview is loading so slow. Is there any way to load the web preview correctly and faster so that we can then implement it correctly? Also if we stay on our web preview and go to another app and come back to our web preview, it's losing focus and all the mouse events and mouse click and keyboard events are not working at that time. Please make sure to tell him to fix this problem too.

Tell him that this web preview is very complex so do a deep dive first and then only then change it. Currently we are only showing the web preview via the hole punching technique. This is good. Now if it's easy, please tell him to implement that, to write to implement native web preview. That will create an airspace index problem but create a switch so that we can talk about this hole punching web preview and the native web preview that has that airspace problem but has no problem of focusing. Create a toggle bar in our web preview top right tab so that we can toggle between these two techniques. Our current hole punching technique is already implemented in all operating systems. Create the right web preview, native web preview with the airspace index problem and make it production ready for all operating systems. Guess what, for all kinds of verification just use just run command. 

And in our zcode editor file browser when we are hovering over a file and folder, if it's a file then please show the tokens and line number of that file If it's a text file and if it's another file that is not text, then show its size instead of the line number. in a batch at the right side of the file browser hover item. If it's a folder then tell it to show folder item count and folder size. And also our current z code editor file browser has a horizontal scroll bar. Please remove that horizontal scroll bar and make sure that, like VS Code and Cursor, it truncates the big file and folder names so that it is better. Most of the time it is really not natural to scroll horizontally on a file browser.

And after doing all of these please tell it to do it. Do tell us about our current Zcode editor, about the extension screen, the agent local and external agent screen, and currently our top title bar right side. It has many dummy icons so instead of those dummy icons please put usable functional icons with functional utilities so they are correct. They don't have to be the same icons but they should be the same number of icons. We will just do the real thing instead of putting dummy icons.
Tell it to check the whole Zcode editor and tell it what thing that Zcode editor currently doesn't show more aggressively. When we click on those icons, show that stuff in there so they put real value to our code editor, not a show piece. We have to make sure we add all the counts of the icons so that it creates a perfect balance of the center left and right of our toolbar topbar.
